Update PR template and contribution guide (#1570)
blocknative/web3-onboard: pull_request_template.md

> <!-- Add a description of the fix or feature here -->

Reviewer: Might be helpful add something here around if the checklist related to your PR is not completed we cannot review

### Checklist
- [ ] Increment the version field in `package.json` of the package you have made changes in following [semantic versioning](https://semver.org/) and using alpha release tagging
- [ ] Check the box that allows repo maintainers to update this PR
- [ ] Test locally to make sure this feature/fix works

> - [ ] Run `yarn file-check`, `yarn type-check` & `yarn build` to confirm there are not any associated errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Run `yarn check-all` to confirm there are not any associated errors
```
Added a command that runs all 3 a few weeks back

Author: yessssss love the streamlining!
